fix: SyncPaymentProcessException in 6.6.x not exists (#11325)
shopware/platform: adr/2021-10-01-payment-flow.md

### Synchronous Payment

> The synchronous payment is intended to execute a payment immediately after the order has been created, **without a user interaction**. The client can pass additional data to the handler to process the payment of the order. The handler can throw an `PaymentException::syncProcessInterrupted` if an error occurs.

Reviewer: Hey @stephan4p,
the payment process changed again in Shopware 6.7, therefore this is not really current anymore, though still valid for `6.6.x`. With Shopware 6.7, any Exception will be handled, not just the specific ones anymore and also, payment handlers can switch dynamically between sync and async, depending on the response of the payment provider (e.g. to forward to a 3D Secure provider or not)

Therefore I suggest writing the correct text for 6.7 into trunk, I'm also happy to merge your correction into our LTS branch `6.6.x`.

```suggestion
The synchronous payment is intended to execute a payment immediately after the order has been created, **without a user interaction**. The client can pass additional data to the handler to process the payment of the order. The handler can throw an exception if an error occurs.
```

Author: Nice to hear that you update the 6.7 documentation also. I only was confused today that I cannot find the exception in 6.6.10.5 I'm not testing this in 6.7
